# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

# 0.11.0 - 2026-01-16

### Added

- `PartialOrd`, `Ord`, and `Hash` implementations on error types.

# 0.10.0 - 2026-01-13

### Changed

- things named `Inner` now have more descriptive names.

# 0.9.0 - 2026-01-13

### Added

- Various `From` impls for error types to convert from the underlying errors.

### Changed

- `primitive::Error` variants don't needlessly store their unit content.
- `collections` module renamed to `container`.
- `fixed` module renamed to `bounded`.

# 0.8.0 - 2026-01-12

### Added

- `#[cbor(recursive)]` attribute to generate valid error types for recursive types.

### Removed

- `std::str::Utf8Error` from the `Utf8` variant of `string::Error`.

# 0.7.1 - 2026-01-11

### Added

- `From<Tagged<T, N>> for Option<T>` and `From<Encoded<T>> for Option<T>` implementations.

### Fixed

- Type inference issue when using `naked` and `with` together in `decode`.

# 0.7.0 - 2026-01-11

### Changed

- `tag_only` has be replaced by the more powerful `naked` attribute.

# 0.6.0 - 2026-01-08

### Changed

- `fixed::Error` now follows how `tag::Error` and `nonzero::Error` are defined.

# 0.5.4 - 2026-01-04

### Added

- `&[u8; N]` implements `Decode`.

# 0.5.3 - 2026-01-03

### Fixed

- `Any` decoding bug with tags.

# 0.5.2 - 2026-01-03

### Fixed

- More permissive bounds on `Any`'s lifetime.

# 0.5.1 - 2025-12-31

### Added

- `map` methods to error types.

### Changed

- Errors generated by `derive(Decode)` are now `pub`.

# 0.5.0 - 2025-12-30

### Changed

- `to_vec` now takes `&T` instead of `T`.

# 0.4.1 - 2025-12-28

### Added

- `Any` type.

# 0.4.0 - 2025-12-28

### Changed

- `{encode,len}_with` only support types that implement `From<&T> for &<Self>` for the field type `T`.

# 0.3.0 - 2025-12-23

### Added

- `Encoded` wrapper type.
- `into` function on `tag::Tagged`.

### Changed

- Semantics of `with` in macro. Can now support `From<&T>` implementations, and `into` methods.

### Removed

- `tag::Dynamic`

# 0.2.3 - 2025-12-22

### Fixed

- Correctly handle indefinite-length structures in `ArrayVisitor`, `MapVisitor`, `BytesIter`, and `StrIter`.

# 0.2.2 - 2025-12-22

### Added

- Implement `map` encoding for sequential types such as `Vec<(K, V)>`.

# 0.2.1 - 2025-12-21

### Added

- `definite` method on `ArrayVisitor` and `MapVisitor` that returns whether the collection is definite-length.

# 0.2.0 - 2025-12-21

### Added

- `tag::Dynamic`: Allows for dynamically tagged values.
- `tinycbor-derive` now locks the value of `tinycbor` to use.

### Changed

- Renamed some variants of `collections::Error` for clarity and generalization.
